automated-comments: add initial disapprove comments for java/two-fer (#1120)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/java/general/use_proper_method_name.md

The method name should match exactly what was used in the tests.

> Rename your method to %<methodName>s and submit again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rename the method to `%<methodName>s`.
```

> NOTE: If you modified the tests to match the method name, change the tests back

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Don't modify the tests to match a different method name.
```

> In general, try to only add

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In general, try to only add additional tests if desired).
```

> additional tests if desired).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> as well. In general, we should not need to modify the tests (only adding our own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, try to only add
```
